
# A NYU Computer Science Blog: [BURN RATE](https://blog.torchnyu.com/)

I find this website/ blog really useful because this blog is written by an accomplished Computer Science/ Mathematics student who goes to NYU. I find him relatable and a slight role model. If you read his earlier blog posts you see that he has gone through everything that a typical NYU CS students would go through. Few of the things that he writes about is classes, NYU, finding internship, finding a niche, motivation and computer science. For example he wrote about how to succeed in CS201 CSO class and anybody who have read that post had a better time passing that class. I remember the time when his blog post on CS201 was sent to my class discords channel. I can tell everybody was appreciative for this blog post. Similar to that his approach on finding internships and jobs is really helpful because lots of people actually need this advice. With class pressures sometimes us students don't know what to do for getting jobs and his posts that uses his personal experiences shines light on what to do.

He has a really distinct tone and a personality on the subjects that he writes about. Some people would argue that his blog posts are too pessimistic that is far from helping the NYU community. Although some of his thoughts on NYU is controversial I agree with most of what he thinks. The NYU Computer Science has some lacking points that need to be fixed starting from the curriculum and he argues some good points to how to fix it. It is clear for me that he wants this community to thrive and his pessimism is a good eye opening for most of the people. If we cant see our weak points how can we better? Thank you for helping this community Nicholas Yang.


### Jennifer Lopez:
I wish I had known about this blog my junior year when I was taking the harder CS major courses. In particular, the author's advice on [Surviving CSO](https://blog.torchnyu.com/2019/08/15/surviving-cso.html) would have made my experience with the course a bit more *manageable*. Moreover, their insight on taking [gap semesters](https://blog.torchnyu.com/2020/07/04/take-a-gap-year.html) would have been a great resource to have exactly a year ago when I was going back and forth on the decision of whether to take one or not. I shared the same sentiment described in the post of being "behind" compared to peers but in the end, it was actually the best decision I could have made. Hopefully someone else who is struggling with this gap semester/year decision finds this insightful. Thanks for sharing!
